infrastructure/cc-builder/README.md, before:

# Command Central Builder

This image contains both a Command Central Server and a Platform Manager (SPM) node to install products into.

It is meant to be used as a builder image for multi-stage builds of products.

## Ports

The following ports are exposed by this container image.

| Port | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| 8090 | Command Central HTTP port |
| 8091 | Command Central HTTPS port |
| 8092 | SPM HTTP port (node) |
| 8093 | SPM HTTPS port (node) |
| 8992 | SPM HTTP port (server) |
| 8993 | SPM HTTPS port (server) |

## Build arguments

The following arguments can be used when building the container image.

| Argument | Description | Default value |
| -------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| BASE_IMAGE | Base image (cc-server) | |
| NODE_IMAGE | Node image (cc-node) | |
| REPO_USERNAME | Empower or mirror username | |
| REPO_PASSWORD | Empower or mirror password | |
| REPO_PRODUCT_URL | Product repository URL | |
| REPO_PRODUCT_NAME | Product repository name | products |
| REPO_FIX_URL | Fix repository URL | https://sdc.softwareag.com/updates/prodRepo |
| REPO_FIX_NAME | Fix repository name | fixes |
| LICENSES_URL | Licenses ZIP file URL | |

## Useful links

- [Command Central 10.5 documentation](https://documentation.softwareag.com/webmethods/command_central/cce10-5/10-5_Command_Central_webhelp/index.html)

Commit message:

Allow configuring repo and license when building container images

infrastructure/cc-builder/README.md, after:

# Command Central Builder

This image contains both a Command Central Server and a Platform Manager (SPM) node to install products into.

It is meant to be used as a builder image for multi-stage builds of products.

## Ports

The following ports are exposed by this container image.

| Port | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| 8090 | Command Central HTTP port |
| 8091 | Command Central HTTPS port |
| 8092 | SPM HTTP port (node) |
| 8093 | SPM HTTPS port (node) |
| 8992 | SPM HTTP port (server) |
| 8993 | SPM HTTPS port (server) |

## Build arguments

The following arguments can be used when building the container image.

| Argument | Description | Default value |
| -------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| BASE_IMAGE | Base image (cc-server) | |
| NODE_IMAGE | Node image (cc-node) | |
| REPO_USERNAME | Empower or mirror username | |
| REPO_PASSWORD | Empower or mirror password | |
| REPO_PRODUCT_URL | Product repository URL | |
| REPO_PRODUCT_NAME | Product repository name | products |
| REPO_FIX_URL | Fix repository URL | https://sdc.softwareag.com/updates/prodRepo |
| REPO_FIX_NAME | Fix repository name | fixes |
| LICENSES_URL | Licenses ZIP file URL | |

WARNING: credentials and licenses will be persisted in the resulting image if used at this stage.
It is recommended to use the alternative method below, by providing arguments at build time of child images.

The following arguments can be used when using this image as a base image (onbuild).

| Argument | Description | Default value |
| -------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| REPO_USERNAME | Empower or mirror username | |
| REPO_PASSWORD | Empower or mirror password | |
| REPO_PRODUCT_URL | Product repository URL | |
| REPO_PRODUCT_NAME | Product repository name | products |
| REPO_FIX_URL | Fix repository URL | https://sdc.softwareag.com/updates/prodRepo |
| REPO_FIX_NAME | Fix repository name | fixes |
| LICENSES_URL | Licenses ZIP file URL | |

## Useful links

- [Command Central 10.5 documentation](https://documentation.softwareag.com/webmethods/command_central/cce10-5/10-5_Command_Central_webhelp/index.html)
